c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\EaaaWebDeveloper.dll.config
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\EaaaWebDeveloper.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\EaaaWebDeveloper.pdb
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\businesslogic.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\ClientDependency.Core.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\cms.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\controls.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\CookComputing.XmlRpcV2.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Examine.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\ImageProcessor.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\ImageProcessor.Web.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\interfaces.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\MiniProfiler.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\TidyNet.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Umbraco.Core.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\umbraco.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\umbraco.editorControls.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\umbraco.providers.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\UmbracoExamine.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\UrlRewritingNet.UrlRewriter.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\obj\Debug\EaaaWebDeveloper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\obj\Debug\EaaaWebDeveloper.dll
c:\users\ronnie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\obj\Debug\EaaaWebDeveloper.pdb
C:\Users\Ronnie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Ronnie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Ronnie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Ronnie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Ronnie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Ronnie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Ronnie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EaaaWebDeveloper\EaaaWebDeveloper\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
